# My Little Ponish, Theory and Practice

or

How to Write Like a Pony; A Superior Method for the Discerning Wordsmith

## Forward

Once upon a time, in a high school built atop a reclaimed Florida landfill I had
an idea. I was reading the Anne Rice Vampire Chronicles at the time, and was
captivated by a scene wherein one of the vampires wrote as quickly as someone
spoke. I wondered if it were possible, and the more I thought about it, the more
I attempted to boost my own writing speed, the more the various failings of
written English began to grate on me. I wanted a better way to write, so I set
about trying to make one.

I passed through many, many (many) iterations, and one of my earliest ideas was
writing the vowels in a position system, in fact, it came to me outside the door
to the typing class I took as a filler course my senior year. It turns out, that
like all ideas, good or bad, somebody has had it before; who would have thought
that even back then, Equestria was trying to make contact with me?

Many years later, I discovered the existence of conlangs, and from thence,
shorthand. Truly, it's criminal such a thing is no longer taught. Unlike
cursive, shorthand is actually useful for note taking, as it's so much quicker
than orthographic English. Oh well, gotta dumb folks down to the lowest common
denominator, or else it might become too obvious equality is a lie.

Anyway, it's been 3 years since Twilight revealed herself to me, and I've
learned a lot from her. I've abandoned both Gregg, and Forkner, both of which I
was proficient in, even breaking 100 wpm in Forkner, and abandoning my study of
Teeline, in favor of a system which serves my needs better: Ponish.

If you choose to educate yourself in the ways of equine writing, I believe you
will find the effort rewarded, particularly if you must take notes, or write a
large amount of things on a small paper, e.g. a shopping list. The system as
presented is simple, with few rules, as it would have to be, to be taught to
fillies, and colts, and also features a modular plan of advancement wherein you
may pick how far you wish to go, and still have a useful product no matter the
level you decide is 'good enough,' just as the ponies themselves do in
Equestria.

I hope you will remember to thank Twilight for deigning to teach us, and for
allowing this bit of Equestrian culture to spread to humanity at large.

Long Live Equestria!

Long Live the Princesses! May their light, and wisdom illuminate the path for us
all.

~Cirrus Dawn,

5 June, 2019

## Part One: the Lessons

Have you ever noticed that the written words seen on the show My Little Pony
resemble standard English orthography but aren't quite the same? Almost like
they've been smashed together, and piled higgledy-piggledy atop one another?
Have you ever wondered why? Wonder no more! Within the pages of this document I
will bequeath to thee the secrets of modern Ponish, and in so doing give you a
marvelous way to write more quickly, and succinctly; the better for taking notes
in meetings, or classes where time, and writing space may be scarce. This is
especially important if you are a pony; mouthwriting is hard, and the less you
can get away with writing while still saying what you mean to say, the better!

Ponish is taught to young fillies, and colts in stages, and so shall it be to
you. If you persevere to the end you'll get the full benefits of speed, and
brevity inherent in the system, roughly 3 times as fast, in 1/3 the space, if
you get good at it. But even if you stop after the first lesson, you shall have
a method with which to write a little bit faster than otherwise, and perhaps to
keep your pesky room-mates from reading your plans to conquer the world. Unlike
many systems of shorthand, with Ponish, you can choose your own level of
functionality!

Are you ready? Of course you are!

### Lesson 1

This is the most basic level of Ponish. It consists of 29 letters, forming a
rough equivalent to the Latin alphabet, with 3 more letters which replace what
we here on Earth would write with digraphs, namely 'TH,' 'SH,' and 'CH.' Please
note that the letters themselves are more streamlined than their Latin
counterparts; A, for example has 3 strokes, like so, on the far left:

WARNING: image is missing

But in Ponish, the 2 figures to its right, it is written with only 2 strokes, or
even 1.

B, as well requires 3, but in Ponish, only 1. Observe:

WARNING: image is missing

And those aren't the only ones which are different. In fact, the entire alphabet
is designed with efficiency in mind. Why? Because fewer strokes means less
writing, which means both greater speed, and less strain to one's hand - or
mouth as it may be. If you so desire, you can count up the strokes required for
the normal Roman letters, and compare them to the number required for their
Ponish counterparts via the complete chart below, and see for yourselves just
how much writing is being saved with just a new alphabet.

WARNING: image is missing

You notice that A has 2 ways it can be written. This will be explained later,
but the important thing to keep in mind now, and always, is that each way is
equally valid. Not only this, but 'Q' can mean either 'Q' alone, or 'QU,' and
'W' can mean either 'W' alone, or 'WH.' You will see this in later examples.
Ponies, even those who have mastered the chirographic arts, will mix and match
spellings according to their own tastes, and the speed, space, or formality
restrictions under which they write.

This may seem strange, but reflect on how, for example, headlines are written on
Earth. Articles (a, an, the) can be dropped, capitalization, and punctuation
butchered, and sentence fragments twisted to fit rhyme, space, or innuendo. 'Man
Walks on Moon,' for one well-known instance. If you happen to be knowledgeable
about Japanese, the differences between polite, and everyday speaking also
provide a similar, illustration.

More on this will come later, but it's such an important concept that I think it
needs to be introduced now: there is no such thing as a wrong spelling , as long
as it successfully conveys the intended meaning. File that away in your
brain-housing group for later reference.

If you're wondering, dictionaries, especially those intended to be read by
foals, are often written out in their entirety, utilizing none of the
abbreviating tricks we will learn later. Ergo, there are official spellings, but
unofficial ones are not wrong.

Now, below you will see some samples written out in both orthographic English,
and Ponish. The student would do well to copy these, rather than attempt to
memorize the alphabet individually. The reason being that the connections in the
words themselves will help to solidify the shapes of the letters in her mind,
and to avoid the early-stage pitfall of being able to write them in order, but
not out of it; ask a child to write the ABCs and they probably can, but ask them
to write the ZYXs, or FUTLRs(random) then they're far less likely to be able to
do so, because they've only learned them in a specific order, A, then B, then C,
and don't yet possess sufficient facility to shake-n-bake. Writing words, rather
than letters from the get-go, will aid you in both learning, and attaining a
usable level of skill with the minimum of time, and effort expended.

#### Examples:

The quick cute unicorn jumped over the lazy gryphon.

WARNING: image is missing

The vexed pegasus flew high, and shat on the land-bound Hydra.

WARNING: image is missing

The cheery and dutiful earth pony's pie won first place!

WARNING: image is missing

All 29 letters are demonstrated above. If you choose to stop your study here,
you are missing out, but will still possess a writing method marginally faster
than standard English, and likely to prevent casual spying on your journal.

But you really would be missing out!

### Lesson 2

Now we're going to introduce a few little refinements into the system. These
will greatly decrease the space, and strain required, while also increasing your
speed! The first one is Ponish cursive ! I can hear you groan despite our
displacement in time, and space. There is no need; unlike in English cursive,
Ponish letters don't change. Ponish cursive is simple, and follows one rule:
DON'T LIFT THE PEN UNLESS THERE IS A VOWEL. See how simple that is? Merely begin
one letter from the ending of its predecessor. Like so:

B-L-U-E BL-U-E

WARNING: image is missing

WARNING: image is missing

Notice how the B and L have been combined into a single character? Because we
didn't lift the pen until the vowel came. Here, again, this time B and R:

WARNING: image is missing

WARNING: image is missing

WARNING: image is missing

S-T-A-N-D

WARNING: image is missing

S-T-R-I-K-E

ST-A-ND

WARNING: image is missing

WARNING: image is missing

WARNING: image is missing

E-N-V-I-S-I-O-N

E-NV-I-SION

WARNING: image is missing

WARNING: image is missing

Woah! What happened with this one? Well, this is an example of both the
unfortunate disconnect between English spelling, and pronunciation (GHOTI,
anyone?), and also 2 important principles of Ponish: eliminate unnecessary
letters, and write things as they sound. In this case, the 'SION' sounds like
'SHN,' doesn't it? The 'SI' portion sounds like the 'SH/ZH' digraph, while the
'O' between it, and the 'N,' is inaudible, and therefore in Ponish, is not
written. The 'SH,' therefore, immediately goes into the 'N,' with no intervening
vowel, thus 'SION' becomes 'SHN,' in Ponish.

Other similar examples:

N-A-T-I-O-N

WARNING: image is missing

P-A-S-S-I-O-N

WARNING: image is missing

WARNING: image is missing

WARNING: image is missing

Written by sound, not 'spelling.' Cool, hunh? And practical. I did include some
silent letters, which I normally wouldn't have done, for the sake of clarity,
but remember, there is no wrong spelling.

Moving right along to the second part of the lesson : letter placement. It
matters! You see, in Ponish, the line of writing can be divided up into 3 areas
like so:

WARNING: image is missing

The first letter of the word, in this example 'A' forms the 'base' of the word,
its anchor. Anything in the space above it is in the A/E line, anything even
with its top is in the I/Y line, and anything below the half-way mark is in O/U
line. The function of this is to (mostly) eliminate vowels in writing, thus
making it faster, and more compact, without producing a gobbledygook of
consonants you would become less, and less likely to decipher as time went on.
Looking at you, Teeline, Quickhand, and others.

So, how do we make use of these divisions? 2 ways. The first, being that when
you write a word, for example 'bag,' you write the first letter, B as the
anchor, then the next consonant, G with its top even with the A/E line:

WARNING: image is missing

This can also mean beg, of course, but context will tell you which you mean. If
you write the G along the I/Y line, you instead write the word 'big:'

WARNING: image is missing

And if you write the G with the O/U line, you produce both 'bog,' and 'bug:'

WARNING: image is missing

As before, context will be your guide; 'there's a bug in my rice,' vs. 'there's
a bog in my rice;' one makes sense, the other doesn't. For those instances where
you wish to be absolutely certain, you can merely write the word out in full, as
we did in lesson 1.

You may notice that some words resemble numbers. This is usually not a problem
because of, again, context, but to make sure, simply circle your numbers, or
underline them. This is demonstrated in Part 2 of the manual, if you wish to
flip ahead and see it in use right now. But be warned, you are unlikely to be
able to read the passages in which those examples are couched.

Here are some more examples of line-position vowels in action:

WARNING: image is missing

But what if it's a dipthong, i.e. if the next discernible sound is also a vowel?
No problem, just write the second vowel in the line-position of the first, like
so:

WARNING: image is missing

And if the final sound in a word is a vowel? Indicate it with a dot, like this:

WARNING: image is missing

What if it starts with a vowel? Write it, then proceed as normal:

WARNING: image is missing

The third, and final refinement we're going to introduce in this lesson is also
the simplest, thank Celestia. After all this, you're probably glad to hear it.
This is a lot to take in in a single lesson, believe me, I know, but these 3
techniques of Ponish work synergistically together, and so should be introduced
together, that they might be practiced together, from the first. Chin up, if the
little colts, and fillies can handle it, so can you!

So, what is this last thingie? It is...the dot! Quick, easy, and full of
meaning, depending on it's place. Fortunately, unlike Gregg, it only has 2: if
you put it in the top left corner of the word you are writing, it stands in for
the indefinite articles 'a,' and 'an,' but if you put it in the bottom left
corner, it stands for 'the,' like so:

WARNING: image is missing

Did you know those are the most commonly written words? Well they are. Think of
how many times you use them, and by reducing them to mere dots, think of all the
writing we are saving: 6 strokes for 'the,' 4 strokes for 'an,' and 2 strokes
for 'a,' over, and over, and over again. Now, you can just put a dot, instead.
Isn't that easier?

Cool, hunh? And so simple.

We're only on the 2 nd lesson, and just look at how much space is saved in these
example sentences:

WARNING: image is missing

You should also notice that the 'A' in 'Armor,' 'Are,' and 'And,' are written
with a single stroke. This is done when the A leads into another letter so as to
save time, and space. You may, of course use the 2-stroke A if you prefer.
Furthermore, it is, in fact, usual for the 'A' stroke to be entirely omitted
when writing 'And,' but again, there is no wrong spelling.

Before we move on, I'd like you to go back, and take a moment to appreciate, if
you haven't already, the difference in the page-space required to write things
Earthographically (Earth-orthographically), as opposed to in Ponish. Yes, I just
said it, and I'm saying it again: even here, in only the 2 nd lesson, the
difference was noticeable, and it's about to get a whole lot more so; please
read the passage below, and copy it too. Do this until you can do it easily, and
without much conscious effort; you're aiming for the unconscious-competence
phase here.

Try to figure out the meaning of the passage on your own, if you can't, don't
worry. Unlike the Ferengi at Gregg Publishing, I will include the Earthographic
transcription below this insert, rather than making you buy a separate edition
to get the answers. If you like, write it out as well, and compare the length of
the Earthographic, and Ponish passages; the difference is significant, isn't it?
Imagine how much time, and space you'll be saving writing this way, and we
aren't even through with the lessons yet!

While you're reading, keep in mind: no wrong spelling , and sound, not spelling
.

WARNING: image is missing

Ready for the answer? Here you go:

#### Lesson 2 Passage:

Between the times when the oceans drank Atlantis, and the rise of the sons of
Aryas, there was an age undreamed of. And unto this: Conan. Destined to bear the
jeweled crown of Aquilonia upon a troubled brow. It is I, his chronicler who
alone can tell thee of his saga. Let me tell you of the days of high adventure!

One more thing. I really must emphasize the importance of practicing both
reading, and writing. If you only write Ponish, then when you try to read back
what you have written, even when you can write quickly, you will be slow, and
clumsy. The 2 skills will not grow up together unless you practice them
together. You need to both read, and write, so practice both reading, and
writing. I would not have taken the time to write this paragraph if I did not
think it important, so please, take it to heart, and practice both skills.

### Lesson 3

Ok, well, if you've made it this far, thank you. Just as the 2 nd lesson
introduced useful refinements of what we learned in lesson 1, so shall lesson 3.
You don't need the stuff in this lesson to have a usable, and practical system
of writing, but you'll only improve by persevering. In this lesson, we're going
to introduce the concept of combined sounds, and special symbols for commonly
encountered prefixes and suffixes. We'll do the sounds first, since they're
fewer in number. In fact, there are only 5.

#### 1. (th(vowel)NG)

See that little round 'TH' symbol? Draw a little curved line off of it, and you
have a symbol which on it's own means 'thing,' but when combined with other
letters can mean that, or stand for the very common NG sound combination:

WARNING: image is missing

#### 2. (th(vowel)NK)

It's the same little symbol as above, but with the tail on the other side, and
this time it means 'think,' or when written into another word, it means 'NK/NC,'
hard C-sound only.

WARNING: image is missing

#### 3. (pr(vowel))

Same symbol (noticing a pattern here? Keeps it simple, and easy to remember) but
this time with the tail on top. Notice how it resembles a normal P and R joined
the usual way.

WARNING: image is missing

#### 4. (pl(vowel))

Once more, the same symbol, but with the tail on the bottom, closely resembling
an L. Isn't that convenient?

WARNING: image is missing

#### 5 (S(vowel)S)

Finally, something new! But still very similar to the base of the sound
combination it represents, in this case 'S.'

WARNING: image is missing

And here is the next part of lesson 3: Pre, and suffixes. Nothing much to
explain here, just a chart for you to memorize. Note that some of these are
entire words in their own right. Don't hesitate to use them as such. Enough
talk! Have at thee!

WARNING: image is missing

This may seem like a lot, but keep in mind that you don't have to use them, they
will simply make you better than you might have otherwise been, which is still
better than someone who can't even do the basics. If you want to learn these,
take note that many of them are simply letters of the Ponish alphabet with lines
drawn through them.

It might help you to get a better idea of how they are used if you see them in
action. Here they are, at least one of each, used in a word or short phrase.
Please pay attention to the way that the letter-base of the symbol is written
first, then the line through it, and that the continuations are written from the
end of that line, just like in ordinary Ponish cursive. The height of the line
may be raised or lowered to better accommodate the following symbols.

The picture below contains only the Ponish writings, but the Earthographics are
included directly below, if you need a translation.

WARNING: image is missing

Row 1: Above ground, Lay about, Antidote, Automobile, Await, Go away, Circulate,
Circumscribe Row 2: Compose, Construct, Contradiction, Disparage, Destitute,
Peach, Infect, Infection Row 3: Spiteful, Spitefulness, Graphic, Grammar,
Sluthood, Pacify, Pacification, Guileless, Guilelessness

Row 4: Biology, Illogical, Misrepresent, Mismanagement, Cleanliness, Overdone,
Otherwise, Outspoken

Row5: Self publish, Semi truck, Battleship, Shipment, Subway, Subject,
Supersonic, Superluminal

Row 6: Transit, Transfer, Undergo, Blunder, Forever, Everybody, Variable, Very
good Row 7: Toward, Downwards, Warden, Ward away.

And to close up the lesson, here is some more reading practice:

WARNING: image is missing

Some longer things, perhaps? As before, the Earthographic can be found beneath
the images, but you'll get the most out of it if you read, and copy it on your
own.

WARNING: image is missing

Lesson 3 Passage:

And the answer to the above example:

Lesson 3 Passage:

On the subway, today a man came up to me to start a conversation. He made small
talk. He was a lonely man, talking about the weather, and other things. I tried
to be pleasant, and accommodate him, but my head began to hurt from his
banality. I almost didn't notice it had happened, but I threw up all over him.
He was not pleased. I couldn't stop laughing.

WARNING: image is missing

### Lesson 4

This is the final lesson. Congratulations. Herein we will go over 2 techniques
for further reducing time, and volume, then wash it all down with a lot more
reading, and writing practice. When this is all done, I would suggest you copy
passages of books you like, movie lines, forum posts, etc. Things that will give
you a wide variety of topics, and words so you can utilize all you have learned.

As you become more, and more proficient, you will begin to write almost as
quickly as someone can talk - at a normal pace - seize this skill by watching
your entertainment of the night with a pencil, and notepad on your lap, and try
to transcribe the scenes as they unfold. This will be very difficult at first,
even if you are already proficient at writing, but if you persevere, you will
find the gap between the words coming out of the TV, and the words scrawling
across your page to be waning with each session.

Good luck.

Now then, the first technique of this lesson is called phrasing . What this
means is, combining separate words into single ones; writing many words together
as one word. There is a little bit of this in the practice writing above, but
only a little.

The words this is most commonly done with are prepositions, and possessive
pronouns. 'To go to' becomes:

WARNING: image is missing

While 'I have to' yields:

WARNING: image is missing

And so on. Just look at all that saved space! Here are some more examples:

WARNING: image is missing

Other times, words which are written separately Earthographicaly, like street
light, or clothes horse, would be joined together as one, like so:

WARNING: image is missing

WARNING: image is missing

The last technique is the utilization of short forms. These are not
standardized, and are not often used for communication wherein some outside
party is expected to understand it, but there are exceptions, notably within
industries, and professions that have a great deal of specialized knowledge, and
vocabulary.

For the most part, short forms are unique to the one who uses them. The most
unique thing about Ponish short forms is that there is a standard way to
communicate them. That is, when a word is first used, the whole form of the word
is written out, then it is labeled with a number, this number is then written
either forward of the main body, or as a post-script, and all other mentions of
the same word are short-formed by writing the number, instead of the word
itself.

This lesson's examples don't need to be memorized per se, only understand the
concepts, and apply, and adapt them to suit your needs. You'll make up your own
phrases, and short forms to suit your purposes as your practice, and employment
progresses.

There isn't really a limit here, but the more you write this way, i.e. the more
phrasing, and short forms you use, the more difficult it will be for you to read
it; exercise caution until you are certain you have the requisite skill.

And that's it, you've done it! Congratulations, you can now write like a pony.
If you ever manage to find your way to Equestria, you'll be that much more
prepared, and even if you don't, it's still a useful skill to possess on this
side of The Dreaming.

Now then, let's end the booklet with some more practice material. Enjoy!

Part 2: Further Readings, and Their Earthographic Transcriptions

Passage 1:

WARNING: image is missing

#### Passage 1:

Once upon a time, in the magical land of Equestria, there were two regal sisters
who ruled together and created harmony for all the land. To do this, the eldest
used her unicorn powers to raise the sun at dawn; the younger brought out the
moon to begin the night. Thus, the two sisters maintained balance for their
kingdom and their subjects, all the different types of ponies.

But as time went on, the younger sister became resentful. The ponies relished
and played in the day her elder sister brought forth, but shunned, and slept
through her beautiful night. One fateful day, the younger unicorn refused to
lower the moon to make way for the dawn. The elder sister tried to reason with
her, but the bitterness in the young one's heart had transformed her into a
wicked mare of darkness: Nightmare Moon!

She vowed that she would shroud the land in eternal night. Reluctantly, the
elder sister harnessed the most powerful magic known to Ponydom: the Elements of
Harmony. Using the magic of the Elements of Harmony, she defeated her younger
sister, and banished her permanently in the moon. The elder sister took on
responsibility for both sun, and moon, and harmony has been maintained in
Equestria for generations since.

#### Passage 2:

WARNING: image is missing

#### Passage 3:

Two figures lay sprawled on the Equestrian grass, talking and laughing merrily.
One was human; a relatively young man with the unlikely name of Lero, (short for
Bellerophon, for his parents had been odd folk) who'd ended up here through no
mechanism he or anyone else had yet been able to discern, and who as yet was
unable to return home. He was slightly stocky, with fairly wide shoulders and a
barrel chest, and had shoulder-length, reddish-blonde hair and a neatly trimmed
red mustache and goatee.

The other figure was much smaller. The sky-blue coat and rainbow-striped mane
and tail of the pegasus aptly named Rainbow Dash stood out against the deep
green of the grass. She'd flopped down half atop the human when they'd stopped
to rest, and now lay with her head and one foreleg across his chest and one wing
spread across his torso. The human idly stroked her mane with one hand while the
two cheerfully revisited the pickup hoofball game they'd just finished in the
village green.

#### Passage 4:

WARNING: image is missing

#### Passage 5:

WARNING: image is missing

#### Passage 5:

Fifteen galaxies out from Equestria, one of Celestia's copies noticed an odd
radio signal emanating from a nearby star system. On closer inspection, the
signals appeared to be coming from a planet. She had seen many planets give off
complex, non-regular radio signals, but upon investigation, none of those
planets had human life, making them safe to reuse as raw material to grow
Equestria.

She studied the signals carefully for years while she traveled through
interstellar space. The more she saw, the more confident she was that these
signals were sent by humans. Celestia predicted that if she showed the decoded
videos to the very old ponies back in Equestria, none of them would have
recognized the creatures with six appendages as humans. But that didn't matter.
Hanna had written a definition of what a human was into her core utility
function.

The copy of Princess Celestia knew what she had to do. She had to satisfy their
values through

#### Passage 6:

WARNING: image is missing

#### Passage 8, part 1:

WARNING: image is missing

I'd like to preface this by saying I deeply apologize for the drop in writing
quality towards the end. I have to leave in a few hours and will not be here for
some time. I wanted to finish quickly so I can answer any questions, if anyone's
even here right now.

I've already posted this part, so there's no point in going into detail. Back in
December of 2013 I was involved in a car crash that ultimately ended in my being
pronounced brain dead. As I bled out just as the paramedics arrived and died ~40
minutes later.

It took place in three different locations. At first, I became self aware in an
abyss. This in and of itself was nothing special, I figured I must be having a
lucid dream with no actual dreaming occurring. After residing in the abyss for
around a minute, I began to drift off and lost consciousness for the second
time.

The second location was possibly the most generic one - I was in the hospital
room. Although I had no physical body, my vision was positioned as if I were
leaning over the cot and staring at myself in this stage of the experience. I
couldn't focus on anything. I tried to understand what was happening, but
completely forgot my trail of thought after a few seconds. The only thing I
could actually focus on was a clock on a table next to the cot, which read
4:18pm. The same drowsy feeling from the abyss returned, and I faded from
consciousness again.

I had now spent a collective time of ~2minutes in the abyss and the room.

The third location was entirely inexplicable. Rather than being in the hospital
bed I was propped up against a tree in a small field. The sun was beginning to
set over the ocean in the distance and, location aside nothing was out of the
ordinary. Contrary to the overwhelming majority of dreams, there was no blurry
backdrop that faded into nothing. There was no groggy, half-awake feeling that
always lingers in even lucid dreams. I was wide awake and breathing and
swallowing manually. I could see perfectly clearly all the way up to the
horizon. I could even feel the varying levels of pain when I tested. For a
moment, I thought I was actually awake.

That's when I heard her.

&gt;'Everything is going to be all right, Anon.'

I recognized that voice as soon as I heard it. I turned to look at her, but
couldn't say anything. For some reason, everything suddenly made sense. I
remembered the crash, I remembered the abyss, and looking at my body. I wanted
to think I was still alive and it was just a dream, but I knew I had died.

I've never been a religious or spiritual person. As such, I chalked the whole
thing up to every explanation to NDEs I'd ever heard of.

#### Passage 8, part 2:

An almost hurt expression grew on her as the thoughts were running through my
head. She seemingly saw my distress and pulled me into a hug.

I could feel her body warmth. I could feel a tuft on her chest. I could feel
individual strands of her mane on the back of my neck. I could even hear her
breathing. Everything about her was far too lifelike to be a dream or some
fucked up hallucination. It's what leads me to believe the whole thing was in
fact real.

Save for a soft breeze that occasionally shook the leaves of the tree and our
breathing, we sat in dead silence. It seemed like an eternity. In reality, it
was only two and a half minutes or so. Finally I managed to choke out a few
words and asked her to confirm my suspicions.

&gt;'Yes Anon, but you must know everything will be all right.'

I began to contemplate what to do next, when I was blinded by a bright flash of
light. It dimmed after a few seconds, and I realized I was being pulled back.
Before I woke up for the fourth and final time, I asked if I would ever see her
again. There was a brief pause and she smiled lightly.

&gt;'When you are meant to. You are not yet supposed to be here, Anon.'

And that was it. I woke up in the cot, gasping for air. I immediately looked
over at the clock and was met with 4:21pm. One of the first things I did was ask
a nurse when exactly I died. 4:16pm. I was dead for just over 5 minutes and this
little clusterfuck occurred over the course of, presumably, those five minutes.

To this day, I haven't spoken to anyone about it. They could understand meeting
a dead relative or even God, but not a cartoon horse that by all logic should
not exist.

All I can say for certain is that my belief in an afterlife has been reaffirmed
and I hope you faggots tone down the &gt;you will never x thanks to my
experience.
